Tableau Hackathon (the “Hackathon”) Official Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. 

SUBMISSION OF ANY ENTRY CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AS A CONTRACT BETWEEN ENTRANT (AND EACH INDIVIDUAL MEMBER OF ENTRANT) AND THE HACKATHON SPONSOR.

1. Dates and Timing (Sponsor’s clock will be the official timekeeping device for the Hackathon).
Hackathon Submission Period: Wednesday, November 12, 2025 (11:00 am Pacific Time) – Monday, January 12, 2026 (12:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”).

Hackathon Judging Period: Tuesday, January 20, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) – Tuesday, February 3, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Judging Period”).

Public Voting Period: Tuesday, January 20, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) – Tuesday, February 3, 2026 (1:00 pm Pacific Time) (“Public Voting Period”).

Winners Announced: On or around Monday, February 9, 2026 (2:00 pm Pacific Time).

2. Sponsor 
Sponsor and Administrator: The Hackathon is sponsored by Salesforce, Inc., Salesforce Tower 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105. Administrator: Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost”), 222 Broadway, Floor 19, New York, NY 10038. In these Official Rules, “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to Sponsor and/or the Hackathon Entities, and the terms “you” refer to you, the entrant, both as an individual and as part of your team. 

3. Eligibility
The Hackathon IS open to the following (collectively “Entrants”): 

individuals who (i) are 18 years of age or older (20+ in Japan) or who have reached the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence as of the date of entry, and (ii) are legal residents of the following countries:  Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Canada (excluding Quebec), France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa, Spain, United Kingdom, United States of America (incl. District of Columbia (“Eligibility Area” and collectively “Eligible Individuals”).
Teams comprised of up to five (5) Eligible Individuals (“Eligible Teams”); and
Eligible Teams among employees within organizations (including corporations, not-for-profit corporations and other nonprofit organizations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and other legal entities) that exist and have been organized or incorporated at the time of entry registered in the Eligibility Area.
An Eligible Individual may join more than one Eligible Team and an Eligible Individual who is part of an Eligible Team may also enter the Hackathon on an individual basis. Each Eligible Individual and each Eligible Team must submit a unique Eligible Submission. For the avoidance of doubt an Eligible Submission may only be submitted for consideration one time. If an Eligible Team is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. By entering a Submission on behalf of an Eligible Team you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your Eligible Team and you make the decision of who receives the prize(s).

The Hackathon IS NOT open to: 

individuals who are, or at any point since two (2) years prior to the Hackathon start date have been, employees, contractors, consultants, officers, directors and agents of Sponsor, its parent, divisions, subsidiaries, agents, promotional partners, advertising/promotion agencies, and prize suppliers (“Hackathon Entities”), 
individuals who are the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings, and children) or household members of any of those current or former employees described above;  
individuals who are current employees of an entity in which Sponsor has invested and holds an ownership interest;  
individuals who are current employees of a third-party sponsor of the Hackathon.   
Any Judge (defined below), or company or individual that employs a Judge
Any other individual or organization whose participation in the Hackathon would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor, a real or apparent conflict of interest 
Employees or officials of any government entity are not eligible to participate or win a prize. 
Failure to meet the eligibility requirements will result in an entry being invalid and forfeiture of any prize. Companies and individuals outside of the Eligibility Area are not eligible to participate or win a prize. Sponsor reserves the right to disqualify any entrant that Sponsor determines could potentially reflect negatively on Sponsor’s image. VOID OUTSIDE OF THE ELIGIBILITY AREA AND WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. Contest is subject to applicable laws.

4. How To Enter
Entrants may enter by visiting tableau2025.devpost.com (“Hackathon Website”) and following the below steps:

Register for the Hackathon on the Hackathon Website by clicking the “Join Hackathon” button. To complete registration, sign up to create a free Devpost account, or log in with an existing Devpost account. This will enable you to receive important updates and to create your Submission.
Entrants will obtain access to the required environments (orgs) and tools through provisioned environments and complete a Project described below in Project Requirements. Use of the developer tools will be subject to the license agreement related thereto. Entry in the Hackathon constitutes consent for the Sponsor to collect and maintain an Entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Hackathon.
Tableau Next: Request access to your Salesforce org by filling out this form: https://forms.gle/NA2cp7ZShGP6HUVy8
Tableau Cloud: Get access to the required tools at https://tableau.com/developer.
Create a video that includes footage explaining your Project’s features and functionality through a comprehensive demonstration.
Complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” page of the Hackathon Website (each a “Submission”) during the Submission Period and follow the requirements below.
Project Requirements:

What to Create: Entrants must develop a new solution that uses Tableau Next and/or Tableau Cloud to solve a business problem.
Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and run consistently on the platform for which it is intended and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the Submission.
Platforms: 
A submitted Project using Tableau Next must be intended for and run on the Salesforce platform.  
A submitted project using Tableau Cloud, entrants must develop a solution using the Tableau Developer Platform and only support Tableau tools and APIs to extend, strengthen or integrate the power of Tableau 
New Apps Only: Projects must be newly created by the Entrant after the start of the Hackathon Submission Period.
Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them.
Testing: The Entrants must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor and Judges until the Judging Period ends. 
If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrants to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request. 
Submission Requirements: 

Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

Include a Project built with the required environments (orgs) and tools through provisioned environments and meets the above Project Requirements. For Tableau Next, do not use any orgs other than the provisioned org for purposes of the Hackathon.
Include a text description that should explain the features and functionality of your Project.
Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the submission:
should be less than five (5) minutes (Note judges are not required to watch beyond 5 minutes)
should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the device for which it was built
must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook Video, or Youku, and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website
must not include third party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material
Access to the Entrant’s working Project for judging and testing must be provided by providing admin credentials to the provisioned org. Do not provide credentials to any orgs other than the provisioned org for purposes of the Hackathon.
If using Tableau Next, include the Org ID for the provisioned org. Do not provide the org ID for any orgs other than the provisioned org for purposes of the Hackathon.
Include a 1-2 sentence pitch about the project. 
Be the original work of the Entrants, be solely owned by the Entrants, and not violate the IP rights of any other person or entity.
Multiple Submissions: An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.
Include a URL to a code repository on GitHub or another code repository platform. If the code repository is private, Entrant must provide access to the GitHub accounts @kglover29 and testing@devpost.com.
Include a list of the APIs and developer tools that were used, and potential further improvements to your Project if more time were permitted. 
Language Requirements:

All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 

Team Representation:

If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization and you may make all decisions relating to prize(s) distribution.

Intellectual Property: Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your team, or organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Hackathon, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.

Financial or Preferential Support: A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.

Representations and Warranties: Entrants represent and warrant the following with respect to Submissions:

It does not contain confidential, proprietary or other sensitive information, including but not limited to any third party personal information or any third party’s intellectual property. 
It does not contain or describe any harmful or illegal activity or content or in any way violate any federal, state, or local laws, rules or regulations.
It does not portray Sponsor or its services in a negative light. 
It does not contain any content that is inappropriate or indecent, as determined by Sponsor or Administrator, in its sole discretion. 
It does not include any malware, spyware, viruses or similar harmful code or content.
At any time, and at its sole discretion, the Sponsor will have the ability to disqualify a Submission for not sufficiently fitting the Submission Requirements set forth in these Official Rules.
It does not contain source code, sample code, libraries, SDKs, and APIs that are not publicly discoverable or available for public use in developing applications.
5. Submission Modifications.
A. Draft Submissions: Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

B. Modifications: After the Submission Period. The Sponsor may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified submission must remain substantively the same as the original submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor permits. 

6. Judges & Criteria.
Eligible Submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the Sponsor (at least one judge will not be a Sponsor employee) or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the Sponsor. 

Stage One) The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the ideas meet a baseline level of viability, in that the project reasonably fits Submission Requirements featured in the Hackathon.

Stage Two) All submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two for each Prize Category based on the following equally weighted criteria (the “Judging Criteria”):

Entries will be judged on the following equally weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges:


Category

Weight

Description & Scoring Details

I. Innovation & Creativity (Idea Quality)

40%

This measures the uniqueness, imagination, and ingenuity of the solution's core concept and its use of Tableau.

 	 	
Creativity and Originality: How creative, unique, and imaginative is the project? Is the solution novel, or does it introduce a significantly improved approach to an existing problem? (Does the concept already exist? If so, how much does the project improve on it?)

 	 	
Use of Tableau Cloud vs. Tableau Next: Does the project innovatively leverage the differentiating features of the chosen platform(s)? (e.g., if using Tableau Next, does it utilize Semantic Models, Agentforce, or its deep Salesforce integration? If using Tableau Cloud, does it push the boundaries of Extensions, APIs, or advanced visual techniques?)

II. Technical Execution & Functionality

30%

This measures the stability, completeness, and technical quality of the Tableau solution.

 	 	
Application Functionality: Is the Tableau solution fully functional and stable? Does it execute the intended analytical workflow smoothly without errors?

 	 	
Complexity and Skill: How challenging was the technical execution? Does the solution demonstrate a high level of skill in data preparation (Prep), data modeling, or API/SDK usage (e.g., embedding, Extensions API, Hyper API, or VizQL Data Service)?

III. Potential Impact

20%

This measures the value the Tableau solution provides in a real-world context.

 	 	
Problem-Solving: Does the solution solve a genuine, real-world problem?

 	 	
Measurable Value: What is the potential impact? How effectively does the project deliver measurable value (e.g., enabling faster decision-making, increasing efficiency, driving cost savings, or providing new actionable insights)?

IV. User Experience & Presentation Quality

10%

This evaluates the design of the Tableau visualization/dashboard and the quality of the submission materials.

 	 	
Quality of Design (UX/UI): Is the user experience and design of the Tableau solution intuitive and well thought out? (Focuses on readability, navigability, and visual best practices.)

 	 	
Video Submission: Was a clear, compelling demonstration video provided (e.g., 3-5 minutes) that fully showcases the project, its core functionality, and the innovative way it used Tableau?

The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners for each Prize Category excluding the People’s Choice Winner which will be determined as described below. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for a Prize, and whose Submissions earn the highest overall scores for each Prize Category based on the applicable Judging Criteria, will become potential winners of that Prize Category.

Tie Breaking. For each Prize Category listed below, if two or more Submissions are tied, the tied Submission with the highest score in the first applicable criterion listed above will be considered the higher scoring Submission. In the event any ties remain, this process will be repeated, as needed, by comparing the tied Submissions’ scores on the next applicable criterion. If two or more Submissions are tied on all applicable criteria, the panel of Judges will vote on the tied Submissions.

Public Voting 

During the Public Voting Period, eligible Submissions will be posted on the Hackathon Website for community members to submit their votes. Voting results will not be displayed publicly. The winners of the People’s Choice Prize will be selected based on the highest number of verified votes received during the Public Voting Period. Verified vote counts will be determined by Devpost. Participation and use of Public Voting is subject to the Devpost Terms of Service available at https://info.devpost.com/legal/terms-of-service which include the below:

“You may not use any manual or automated vote process or methods, or multiple e-mail addresses, to circumvent the one-vote limit per person per Submission. Doing so will subject all of your votes to disqualification. The Administrator may also disqualify an entrant, if the entrant receives multiple or irregular votes from the same user or users, receives votes in a manner that indicates manual, automated, or other vote manipulation, or attempts to compensate voters.”

7. Intellectual Property Rights.
All submissions remain the intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them. By submitting an entry, Entrants agree that the Sponsor will have an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide right and license to: (a) use, review, assess, test, and otherwise analyze the Submission and all its content in connection with the Hackathon; and (b) feature the Submission and all its content for promotional purposes (including, but not limited to, in advertisements, press releases, presentations, and trade shows) in all media, now known or later developed. Entrants also agree to sign any necessary documentation that may be required for Sponsor, and their designees to make use of the rights you granted. You acknowledge that we, other entrants or others may have developed or commissioned materials similar or identical to your Submission, or may develop something similar in the future, and you waive any claims you may have resulting from any similarities to your Submission.

Entrants understand that Sponsor cannot control the information you disclose to us or our representatives in the course of participating in the Hackathon, or what we or our representatives will remember about your Submission. Entrants also understand that Sponsor will not restrict work assignments of representatives who have had access to your Submission. By participating in the Hackathon, Entrants agree that we may use any information in our representatives’ unaided memories in the development or deployment of our products or services without liability or compensation to Entrants. Entrants understand that they will not receive any compensation or credit from us for use of the Submission in connection with this Hackathon. We are not responsible for any unauthorized use of the Submission by those accessing or viewing the Submission. 

Please note that after the Hackathon, Entrants and/or the Submission may be publicized in advertisements related to the Hackathon. These advertisements may be distributed online and posted on our site, social media handles, or third-party websites. 

While Sponsor reserves the rights set forth above, we are not obligated to use the Submission for any purpose, even if it has been selected as a winning submission.

If Entrants do not want to grant us these rights to the Submission, please do not enter this Hackathon.

Nothing in these Official Rules shall be interpreted as granting Entrants permission to use or display any of the Sponsor trademarks (including any logo or brand) or rights in any Salesforce, Inc. technologies or IP. Entrants agree to contact us prior to promoting or publicizing your participation in and, if applicable, you winning the Hackathon.

By submitting an entry or accepting any prize, Entrants represent and warrant that (a) submitted content is not copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless entrant is the owner of such rights or has permission from their rightful owner to post the content; (b) the content submitted does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware or other disabling devices or harmful or malicious code; and (c) participation and acceptance of any prize complies with Entrants’ employer policies (as applicable).

8. Prizes.
There will be up to 6 total winner(s). Total ARV of all prizes is USD $46,500. All currency listed in these Official Rules is in USD. 

One (1) Grand Prize winner(s) will receive USD $17,000. Four (4) honorable mention prize winners will receive $7,000 in the following categories using the judging criteria set out in Section 6:

Best Data Layer Implementation
Best Use of Semantic Modeling
Best Use of Actionable Analytics
Best Product Extensibility
One (1) People’s Choice winner will receive a Tableau Swag Basket for each Eligible Individual (not to exceed five (5) in the event of an Eligible Team) based on the scoring as set out in Section 6 Public Voting. Total ARV for the People’s Choice prize is USD $1,500.

9. Prize Details and Conditions:
Any prize details not specified herein will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Prizes are not transferable, assignable or refundable and cannot be substituted for cash. Prizes must be accepted as awarded. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater monetary value to the prizes if for any reason any prize cannot be awarded as contemplated in these Official Rules. An Eligible Submission may only win the Grand Prize or one (1) Honorable Mention, in addition to the People’s Choice. For the avoidance of doubt an Eligible Submission may not win the Grand Prize and an Honorable Mention category.  

Sponsor is not responsible for lost or stolen prize elements. Prizes may be reported as income to a winner and the winner will be responsible for all taxes associated with the receipt of any prize. 

IMPORTANT NOTES ON MULTIPLE PRIZE ELIGIBILITY:

Substitutions & Changes: Prizes are non-transferable by the winner. Sponsor in its sole discretion has the right to make a prize substitution of equivalent or greater value. Sponsor will not award a prize if there are no eligible submissions entered in the Hackathon, or if there are no eligible Entrants or Submissions for a specific prize.

Verification Requirement: THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or Entrant shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor.

Prize Delivery: Prizes will be payable by the Administrator to the Entrant, if an individual; to the Entrant’s Representative, if a Team; or to the Organization, if the Entrant is an Organization. It will be the responsibility of the winning Entrant’s Representative to allocate the Prize among their Team or Organization’s participating members, as the Representative deems appropriate. A monetary Prize will be mailed to the winning Entrant’s address (if an individual) or the Representative’s address (if a Team or Organization), or sent electronically to the Entrant, Entrant’s Representative, or Organization’s bank account, only after receipt of the completed winner affidavit and other required forms (collectively the “Required Forms”), if applicable. Failure to provide correct information on the Required Forms, or other correct information required for the delivery of a Prize, may result in delayed Prize delivery, disqualification or the Entrant, or forfeiture of a Prize. Prizes will be delivered within 60 days of the Sponsor receipt of the completed Required Forms.

Fees & Taxes: Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for any fees associated with receiving or using a prize, including but not limited to, wiring fees or currency exchange fees. Winners (and in the case of Team or Organization, all participating members) are responsible for reporting and paying all applicable taxes in their jurisdiction of residence (federal, state/provincial/territorial and local). Winners may be required to provide certain information to facilitate receipt of the award, including completing and submitting any tax or other forms necessary for compliance with applicable withholding and reporting requirements. United States residents may be required to provide a completed form W-9 and residents of other countries may be required to provide a completed W-8BEN form. Winners are also responsible for complying with foreign exchange and banking regulations in their respective jurisdictions and reporting the receipt of the Prize to relevant government departments/agencies, if necessary. The Sponsor and/or Prize provider reserves the right to withhold a portion of the prize amount to comply with the tax laws of the United States or other sponsor jurisdiction, or those of a winner’s jurisdiction.

10. Entry Conditions and Release.
A. By entering the Hackathon, you (and, if you are entering on behalf of a Team, Organization each participating members) agree(s) to the following:

The relationship between you, the Entrant, and the Sponsor, is not a confidential, fiduciary, or other special relationship.
You will be bound by and comply with these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor and/or the Hackathon Judges which are binding and final in all matters relating to the Hackathon.
You release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Promotion Entities, and their respective parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, the Prize suppliers and any other organizations responsible for sponsoring, fulfilling, administering, advertising or promoting the Hackathon, and all of their respective past and present officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives (hereafter the “Released Parties”) from and against any and all claims, expenses, and liabilities (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), including but not limited to negligence and damages of any kind to persons and property, defamation, slander, libel, violation of right of publicity, infringement of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights, property damage, or death or personal injury arising out of or relating to a Entrant’s entry, creation of Submission or entry of a Submission, participation in the Hackathon, acceptance or use or misuse of the Prize (including any travel or activity related thereto) and/or the broadcast, transmission, performance, exploitation or use of the Submission as authorized or licensed by these Official Rules. 
B. Without limiting the foregoing, the Released Parties shall have no liability in connection with: 

Any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by the Sponsor’s electronic or printing error, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Hackathon; 
Technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines, internet connectivity or electronic transmission errors, or network hardware or software or failure of the Hackathon Website;
Unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Hackathon; 
Technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Hackathon or the processing of Submissions; or 
Any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from the Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon or receipt or use or misuse of any Prize.
The Released Parties are not responsible for incomplete, late, misdirected, damaged, lost, illegible, or incomprehensible Submissions or for address or email address changes of the Entrants. Proof of sending or submitting the aforementioned will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by the Sponsor. If for any reason any Entrant’s Submission is determined to have not been received or been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, the Entrant’s sole remedy is to request the opportunity to resubmit its Submission. Such a request must be made promptly after the Entrant knows or should have known there was a problem and will be determined at the sole discretion of the Sponsor.

11. Publicity.
By participating in the Hackathon, Entrant consents to the promotion and display of the Entrant’s Submission, and to the use of personal information about themselves for promotional purposes, by the Sponsor and third parties acting on their behalf. Such personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions, comments and hometown and country of residence. It may be used in any existing or newly created media, worldwide without further payment or consideration or right of review, unless prohibited by law. Authorized use includes but is not limited to advertising and promotional purposes. 

12. General Conditions. 
Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Hackathon, or any part of it, in the event of a technical failure, fraud, or any other factor or event that was not anticipated or is not within its control.
Sponsor reserve the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual or Entrant if it finds to be actually or presenting the appearance of tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Hackathon or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in a manner that is inappropriate, unsportsmanlike, not in the best interests of this Hackathon, or a violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Any attempt by any person to undermine the proper conduct of the Hackathon may be a violation of criminal and civil law. Should the Sponsor suspect that such an attempt has been made or is threatened, it reserves the right to take appropriate action including but not limited to requiring an Entrant to cooperate with an investigation and referral to criminal and civil law enforcement authorities.
If there is any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Official Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Hackathon materials, including but not limited to the Hackathon Submission form, Hackathon Website, or advertising, the terms and conditions of the Official Rules shall prevail.
The terms and conditions of the Official Rules are subject to change at any time, including the rights or obligations of the Entrant and the Sponsor. The Sponsor will post the terms and conditions of the amended Official Rules on the Hackathon Website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, any amendment will become effective at the time specified in the posting of the amended Official Rules or, if no time is specified, the time of posting.
If at any time prior to the deadline, an Entrant or prospective Entrant believes that any term in the Official Rules is or may be ambiguous, they must submit a written request for clarification. 
The Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision. Should any provision of these Official Rules be or become illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction whose laws or regulations may apply to an Entrant, such illegality or unenforceability shall leave the remainder of these Official Rules, including the Rule affected, to the fullest extent permitted by law, unaffected and valid. The illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a valid and enforceable provision that comes closest and best reflects the sponsor’s intention in a legal and enforceable manner with respect to the invalid or unenforceable provision.
Excluding Submissions, all intellectual property related to this Hackathon, including but not limited to copyrighted material, trademarks, trade-names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source codes, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned or used under license by the Sponsor. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owners is strictly prohibited. Any use in a Submission of Sponsor’s intellectual property shall be solely to the extent provided for in these Official Rules.
Any suspected security issues found in the course of the hackathon should be reported to security@salesforce.com. It is not permitted to disclose them to any other parties including in public blogs or to Salesforce customers if they are suspected to be real and unaddressed issues - Salesforce needs to evaluate them individually and determine whether they are security bugs or otherwise. https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000384043&type=1
13. Limitations of Liability.
By entering, all Entrants (including, in the case of a Team or Organization, all participating members) agree to release, indemnify and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all claims in connection with the Prizes or Entrant’s participation in the Hackathon. Entrants agree that in any cause of action, the Released Parties liability will be limited to the cost of entering and/or participating in the Hackathon.

14. Disputes.
A. Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Hackathon, Entrant agrees that:

Any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Hackathon, or any Prizes awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action lawsuit, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the contestant;
The Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and
Judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
B. Under no circumstances will Entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and Entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys’ fees, other than contestant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with entering this Hackathon), and Entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.

C. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Entrant and Sponsor in connection with this Hackathon, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of California, USA without regard to California choice of law rules.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.